Abomination (Marvel Comics)
Ahriman (Dungeons & Dragons) - Fiendish lord representing evil and destruction.
Amaterasu (Japanese Mythology) - Sun goddess, but her younger brother Susano'o can be seen as a villainous figure.
Angra Mainyu (Ahura Mazda) - Portrayed as a terrifying and powerful adversary to the benevolent Ahura Mazda.
Angra Mainyu (Shin Megami Tensei) - Powerful demon lord
Angra Mainyu (Zoroastrianism) - The embodiment of evil and destruction.
Annabelle (The Conjuring)
Anubis (Egyptian Mythology) - God of the dead, often portrayed as a psychopomp guiding souls to the afterlife.
Apocalypse (X-Men: Apocalypse)
Apophis (Egyptian Mythology) - Giant serpent representing chaos and destruction, often battling Ra, the sun god.
Asmodeus (Abrahamic Religions) - A demon of lust and wrath.
Asmodeus (Shin Megami Tensei) - A powerful demon associated with lust and temptation.
Asmodeus (The Devils of Loudun) - A demon who possesses a convent and causes chaos.
Azazel (American Gods) - A powerful jinn who challenges the gods.
Azazel (Paradise Lost) - A fallen angel and leader of the rebel forces.
Azazel (Supernatural) - A powerful demon who seeks to open the gates of Hell.
Azmodan (Diablo) - The Lord of Sin, a gluttonous demon who feeds on humanity's vices.
Azog (The Hobbit trilogy)
Baal (Diablo) - The Lord of Destruction, seeking to bring about the end of the world.
Baba Yaga (Slavic Mythology) - Crone associated with witchcraft and cannibalism, often portrayed as a villain.
Bane (DC Comics)
Belial (Abrahamic Religions) - Demon of lawlessness and immorality.
Belial (Diablo) - The Lord of Lies, seeking to manipulate and deceive humanity.
Belial (Paradise Lost) - A demon associated with lawlessness and immorality.
Belial (Shin Megami Tensei) - A demon associated with rebellion and chaos.
Bellatrix Lestrange (Harry Potter film series)
Bullseye (Marvel Comics)
Candyman (Candyman)
Captain Hook (Hook, Peter Pan)
Captain Hook (Hook) - Steven Spielberg
Captain Hook (Peter Pan) - J.M. Barrie
Carnage (Marvel Comics)
Carrie White (Carrie)
Catwoman (DC Comics)
Cersei Lannister (A Song of Ice and Fire) - George R.R. Martin
Chucky (Child's Play)
Count Dracula (Dracula) - Bram Stoker
Coyote (Native American Mythology) - Trickster figure with both positive and negative aspects.
Crowley (Good Omens) - A demon who becomes reluctant friends with an angel.
Cruella de Vil (101 Dalmatians (1996)) - Glenn Close
Cruella de Vil (101 Dalmatians, Cruella)
Cruella de Vil (101 Dalmatians) - Dodie Smith
Cruella de Vil (Cruella) - Craig Gillespie
Damien Thorn (The Omen)
Darkseid (DC Comics)
Davy Jones (Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest, Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End)
Diablo (Diablo) - The Prime Evil, seeking to corrupt and consume all life.
Doctor Doom (Marvel Comics)
Doctor Octopus (Marvel Comics)
Dolores Umbridge (Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix) - J.K. Rowling
Dolores Umbridge (Harry Potter film series)
Dolores Umbridge (Harry Potter film series) - Imelda Staunton
Dormammu (Doctor Strange)
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (Penny Dreadful) - John Logan
Dracula (Dracula)
Echidna (Greek Mythology) - Mother of many monstrous creatures, including the Hydra and Cerberus.
Ego the Living Planet (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Erebus (Greek Mythology) - Primordial god of darkness, often associated with the Underworld.
Fenrir (God of War) - Portrayed as a powerful and dangerous enemy, seeking to bring about Ragnarok.
Fenrir (Norse Mythology) - Monstrous wolf destined to devour Odin during Ragnarok.
Frankenstein's Monster (Frankenstein) - Mary Shelley
Freddy Krueger (A Nightmare on Elm Street)
Galactus (Marvel Comics)
Green Goblin (Marvel Comics)
Green Goblin (Spider-Man: No Way Home)
Grindelwald (Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald)
Hades (Greek Mythology) - God of the Underworld, often portrayed as greedy and ruthless.
Hades (Hercules)
Hannibal Lecter (The Silence of the Lambs)
Hans Landa (Inglourious Basterds)
Harley Quinn (DC Comics)
Hela (Norse Mythology) - Queen of the Underworld 
Humbert Humbert (Lolita) - Vladimir Nabokov
Iago (Othello) - William Shakespeare
Jack Torrance (The Shining)
Jadis the White Witch (The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe)
Jafar (Aladdin)
Jason Voorhees (Friday the 13th)
Joker (Batman: The Animated Series)
Jormungandr (Norse Mythology) - The Midgard Serpent, a giant serpent encircling the world, often considered demonic.
Kael'thas Sunstrider (Warcraft)
Kayako Saeki (Ju-On: The Grudge)
Khan Noonien Singh (Star Trek: Into Darkness)
Killmonger (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Kingpin (Marvel Comics)
Kraven the Hunter (Marvel Comics)
Kronos (Greek Mythology) - Titan who overthrew his father but was later overthrown by his own children.
Kylo Ren (Star Wars sequel trilogy)
Lady Macbeth (Macbeth) - William Shakespeare
Leatherface (The Texas Chainsaw Massacre)
Leviathan (Final Fantasy) - Powerful sea creature serving as a major antagonist.
Lex Luthor (DC Comics)
Lilith - A powerful demon often associated with motherhood and rebellion.
Lizard (Marvel Comics)
Loki (Loki) - Gender-fluid portrayal of the trickster god, exploring themes of identity and acceptance.
Loki (Marvel Cinematic Universe) - Antagonistic figure manipulated by Thanos.
Loki (Norse Mythology) - Trickster god known for causing chaos and mischief.
Loki (Norse Mythology) - Trickster god known for causing mischief and chaos.
Lowkey Lyesmith (American Gods) -  Trickster god known for causing chaos and mischief.
Long John Silver (Treasure Island) - Robert Louis Stevenson
Lord Humungus (Mad Max: Fury Road)
Lucifer (Abrahamic Religions) - The fallen angel and rebellious leader against God.
Magneto (Marvel Comics)
Maleficent (Maleficent, Maleficent: Mistress of Evil)
Malthus (Jupiter Ascending)
Mandarin (Iron Man 3)
Mara (Buddhism) - A demon who personifies temptation and desire.
Medusa (Greek Mythology) - Gorgon whose gaze turned men to stone.
Mephisto (Diablo) - The Lord of Hatred, a powerful demon who seeks to destroy Sanctuary.
Mephistopheles (Faust) - A demon who tempts Faust with worldly pleasures.
Michael Myers (Halloween)
Moriarty (The Sherlock Holmes Series) - Mark Gatiss & Steven Moffat
Morrigan (Irish Mythology) - Shape-shifting war goddess associated with death and prophecy.
Mother (Mother!)
Mr. Bumble (Oliver Twist) - Charles Dickens
Mr. Freeze (DC Comics)
Mr. Hyde (The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde) - Robert Louis Stevenson
Mr. Kurtz (Heart of Darkness) - Joseph Conrad
Mrs. Danvers (Rebecca) - Daphne du Maurier
Mysterio (Marvel Comics)
Norman Bates (Psycho)
Nurse Ratched (One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest) - Ken Kesey
Nyx (Greek Mythology) - Primordial goddess of night, mother of many powerful deities including Hypnos and Thanatos.
Oni (Japanese Mythology) - Demonic
Pazuzu (Assyrian Mythology) - A demon of the wind and storms, often depicted as fearsome.
Penguin (DC Comics)
Pennywise (It)
Pinhead (Hellraiser)
Poison Ivy (DC Comics)
Professor Moriarty (Sherlock Holmes) - Arthur Conan Doyle
Ra's al Ghul (DC Comics)
Rakshasas (Hinduism) - Demonic beings who oppose the gods and humans.
Red Skull (Marvel Comics)
Riddler (DC Comics)
Ronan the Accuser (Guardians of the Galaxy)
Rosemary Woodhouse (Rosemary's Baby)
Sabretooth (Marvel Comics)
Samara Morgan (The Ring)
Sandman (Marvel Comics)
Sauron (The Lord of the Rings) - J.R.R. Tolkien
Scar (The Lion King)
Scarecrow (DC Comics)
Scrooge McDuck (A Christmas Carol) - Charles Dickens
Set (Egyptian Mythology) - God of chaos and darkness, often portrayed as the rival of Osiris.
Sinestro (DC Comics)
Surtr (Norse Mythology) - Fire giant destined to burn the world during Ragnarok.
Thanos (Marvel Comics)
The Babadook (The Babadook)
The Birds (The Birds)
The Blair Witch (The Blair Witch Project)
The Blob (The Blob)
The Bride of Frankenstein (Bride of Frankenstein)
The Cenobites (Hellraiser)
The Cheshire Cat (Alice in Wonderland)
The Childlike Empress (The NeverEnding Story)
The Count of Monte Cristo (The Count of Monte Cristo) - Alexandre Dumas
The Creeper (Jeepers Creepers)
The Crimson Peak (Crimson Peak) - A mysterious character with a dark secret, possibly demonic.
The Devil (The Devil and Daniel Johnston) - A figure who tempts a young man with fame and fortune.
The Djinn (Wishmaster) - A powerful wish-granting entity with a sinister agenda.
The Doc Ock (Spider-Man 2, Spider-Man: No Way Home)
The Dollmaker (The Conjuring)
The Dragon Smaug (The Hobbit trilogy)
The Emperor (Star Wars original trilogy)
The Evil Queen (Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs)
The Fly (The Fly)
The Goblin King (Labyrinth)
The Grady Twins (The Shining)
The Great Gatsby (The Great Gatsby)
The Green Goblin (Spider-Man (2002), Spider-Man: No Way Home)
The Hand (The Hand)
The Horned King (The Black Cauldron)
The Hound of the Baskervilles (The Hound of the Baskervilles) - Arthur Conan Doyle
The Incubus (Dracula) - A demonic entity that preys on women.
The Invisible Man (The Invisible Man)
The Joker (DC Comics)
The Kraken (Scandinavian Mythology) - Monstrous sea creature known for attacking ships and cities.
The Leviathan (Abrahamic Religions) - Monstrous sea creature representing chaos and evil.
The Minotaur (Pan's Labyrinth)
The Nun (The Nun)
The Once-ler (The Lorax)
The Orphan (The Orphan)
The Others (The Others)
The Pale Man (Pan's Labyrinth)
The Queen (Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs)
The Queen of Hearts (Alice in Wonderland)
The Sandman (Spider-Man 3)
The Shadow King (Doctor Strange)
The Shadow King (Legion)
The Shark (Jaws)
The Shredder (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles)
The Stepford Wives (The Stepford Wives)
The Strangers (The Strangers)
The Tall Man (Phantasm)
The Thing (The Thing)
The Vulture (Spider-Man: Homecoming)
The Weeping Woman (La Llorona)
The White Witch of Angmar (The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe)
The White Witch's Dwarf (The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe)
The White Witch's Wolf (The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe)
The Wicked Witch of the East (Wicked)
The Wicked Witch of the West (The Wizard of Oz) - L. Frank Baum
The Witch
The Witch (The Witch)
The Wolf (Little Red Riding Hood) - Various Adaptations
The Woman in Black (The Woman in Black)
Trigon (Teen Titans) - A multi-dimensional demon who seeks to conquer the universe.
Two-Face (DC Comics)
Typhon (Greek Mythology) - Monstrous giant who challenged the gods for rulership.
Ultron (Marvel Comics)
Uriah Heep (David Copperfield) - Charles Dickens
Ursula (The Little Mermaid)
Valak (The Conjuring 2)
Venom (Marvel Comics)
Viserys Targaryen (A Song of Ice and Fire) - George R.R. Martin